Slot Machine Project
This is a Python implementation of a simple slot machine game. The program allows users to simulate playing a slot machine, where they can deposit funds, place bets on multiple lines, spin the slot machine, and check for winnings.

Features
Deposit: Users can deposit funds into the slot machine balance.
Place Bets: Users can choose the number of lines to bet on and the amount to bet on each line.
Spin: The slot machine simulates a spin, generating a random outcome for each line.
Check Winnings: The program checks the spin result to determine if there are any winning combinations on the lines.
Balance Update: The user's balance is updated based on the outcome of the spin.
Multiple Lines: Users can choose to bet on multiple lines, increasing the chances of winning.
Winning Lines: The program displays the lines where winning combinations occurred.
Quit Option: Users can choose to quit the game at any time.
How to Play
Deposit Funds: Users start by depositing funds into the slot machine balance. They enter the amount they want to deposit.
Place Bets: Users choose the number of lines to bet on and the amount they want to bet on each line.
Spin: Users initiate a spin by pressing enter. The slot machine simulates the spin and displays the outcome.
Check Winnings: The program checks the spin result and determines if there are any winning combinations on the lines.
Display Results: The program displays the winnings, the lines where winning combinations occurred, and the user's updated balance.
Continue or Quit: Users can choose to continue playing by pressing enter or quit the game by entering 'Q'.
Dependencies
The project does not have any external dependencies and runs on Python 3.

How to Run
1. Clone the repository to your local machine.

2. Make sure you have Python 3 installed.

3. Open a terminal or command prompt and navigate to the project directory.

4. Run the following command to start the game:

	python slot_machine.py

5. Follow the on-screen instructions to play the game.


